System design interview prep prompt

I am preparing to give system design interview at google for Senior Staff Software Engineer role. For this I wanted to refresh every computer science fundamentals to be brushed up to give my best. I understand google system design interviews usually talk about building blocks of the system in high level and then we discuss trade off based on the choices and the situations at hand to arrive at a decision so as to make this thought process clearly communicated. To build a better thought process I should be well prepared about all the types of building blocks that I could possibly use in System design interview and its broad classification further drilled down to every leaf element to make it clear. I understand for now there are multiple types of building blocks like Compute block, Data Storage block, Message buffering or stream buffers, network types (http, ws, tcp, udp) etc. We can further drill down Data storage type and classify them again as Relation Data store , Key value store, Wide column store, time series store, document store, text search store , write ahead log 	s and object store. Further to these again these can be classified based on write heavy usages or read heavy usages and how write heavy usage can be handled based on the internal data storage's data structures - for instance BTree vs LSM tree etc. similary how hashmap without collision is used in Key value store, similarly how inverted index is used in Lucene based stores. I think we also have other stores like Bloom Filters and some way to keep track of counters that need to be stored. Also the index types on disk vs index in memory. So we wanted to drill down to the very depth. Even If I have missed something in this add and ensure we have covered everything. Similarly add a use case for every type of storage, for example which storage to use for Logs streamed continuously. Also include all the required dimensions for making decisions like sync vs asynchronous processing. Also add the dimension of consistency factor etc. Also add scale factor and its type of algorithms and mechanisms - like sharding and partitioning etc. Structure the response as document that clearly calls out every dimensions that need to be considered for making a decision. Add intuitive structuring of the document so we start at high level and drill down to very depth that helps me to build a context for discussing trade offs and driving decisions in the discussion. Similarly do this excercise in depth for every type of building block. This document should be such that the one source of truth for me to revise and build my thoughts for approaching this System design interview. This is not necessarity for a system design interview and also to ensure I have refreshed and upskilled to make decisions and drive decisions at work. Also ensure to document every different types of algorithms and their trade off in the deep walk through also add a summary sections to sum up everything. Also ensure how system charecteristics like availability, reliablity, security, consistency etc are balanced for every system design building blocks and its internal categories that we drill down further. Also add all the implementations of these building blocks that are available in the market today to make decision of using it
